(Session - 002)
FAQ : What are Restful Services?

Ans : They are an adoption/implementation of Distributed Technology Designed on the basis of Architectural Principles.

FAQ : Define the Term and the purpose of "Distributed Technology"?

Ans : 
    1.Generally the word "Distributed" means an entity which is accessible globally.
    2.Software Applications built using Distributed Technology can be accessed via the internet from any where in the world.
    3.Earlier Applications were standalone,so users have to install them in their device and use them.

FAQ : Mention some reasons for building Apps using Distributed Technologies?

Ans : 

  1.Higer Throughput : No.of.activites[functionalities] getting completed in a given amount of time.
  2.Quick Turn around time : Time Required to complete the activity must be less
  3.Higher Availability and Utilization of Resources
  4.Exposure of Business Services across the network.
  
(Session - 003)

Summary : Assigning activity to multiple skilled resources with sophisticated tools and environment can enable the resources to complete the
          activity in optimized span of time.
          
(Session - 004)

Question : What are the Factors/Situations influence us to Build Apps based on Distributed Techs?

Ans : 

    1.If we want to reduce Turn Around Time for Completing a Job.
    
    2.If we want higher through-put.
    
    3.If we want to build high Responsive and More Accurate Systems
    
    4.If we want resources to be utilized effectively and available all the time.
    
(Session - 005)

Printing and Mailing Service UseCase --> https://ibb.co/BVTBxQp

Printing and Mailing Service Solution --> https://ibb.co/3RZR52P
    
Question : How does the application looks like when we build them using distributed technology?

Ans : We Build Applications[Having Awareness on Network] which divides job into parts and gets executed on two different systems parallely.
As these Systems are working on the same job,they need to communicate with each other via network.

    Examples : Web Applications,Business Applications

FAQ : What are Web Services/Restful Services?

Ans : Representing Complex Business Logic in the form of Distributed and Inter-Operable Manner is Web Services or Restful Services.

(Session - 008)

Qn : Why it is impossible for American Express to build thier own business system for Insurance Domain?

Ans : 1.Lack of Domain Knowledge.Hence Stragies are unknown.
      2.Since it is a complex business system , hence the investment and maintenance cost will be high and may not be profitable.
      
Qn : What are the issues if American Express shares Religare[Parter] generated policy information to the Customer?

Ans : 1.Customer will realize that insurance are under taken by Religare and not by American Express.
      2.American Express has no idea about policy information hence Reconcilation of Information will be difficult.
      3.Hence Tracing Policies and providing services to customer will be impossible
  
Qn : Mention the Challenges involved in Managing Data Manually using Two Business?

Ans : 1.Injection of Duplicate Data by both the systems
      2.Injection of In-correct Data in Systems.Hence Tracing and Reconcilation would be difficult or highly impossible.Data Inconsistency
        problem.
      3.Fraud Elimination is very difficult.
      4.More Man Power Resources required.


    
    
    
